Adding 1.8 install  changes (#5002)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/best-practices/how-we-build-our-metrics/semantic-layer-2-setup.md

- Download MetricFlow as an extension of a dbt adapter from PyPI  (dbt Core users only). The MetricFlow is compatible with Python versions 3.8 through 3.11. 
  - **Note**: You'll need to manage versioning between dbt Core, your adapter, and MetricFlow.

> - Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because dbt-core has been decoupled from the adapter installation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because `dbt-core` has been decoupled from the adapter installation.
```

> - Beginning in v1.8, you must install both dbt Core and the desired adapter because `dbt-core` has been decoupled from the adapter installation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter no longer automatically installs `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations.
```

> - Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter no longer automatically installs `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations.

Reviewer: @matthewshaver this might seem like a good 'why' to add to the v1.8 migration guide?

> - Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter no longer automatically installs `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Beginning in v1.8, installing an adapter does not automatically install `dbt-core`. This is because adapters and dbt Core versions have been decoupled from each other so we no longer want to overwrite existing dbt-core installations.
```
